# Terms and Conditions for the Express Design Services

1. The following Terms and Conditions document (hereinafter: Conditions) applies to the Express Design Services provided by Klad LLC 
(identification number: 445581077; legal address: Georgia, Batumi, 6400, Cminda Andria pirvelcodebuli IV Lane, N4a, Apartment N43) (hereinafter: Klad) 
and ordered by Customer presented at the website https://klad.design/ (hereinafter: Klad’s website).

2. The term Express Design Services or Services includes one or more of the following: 
- Express Logo: design of the Customer’s company/project logotype based on the filled-out form. 
  The Customer will receive the logo in .ai, .svg, .png formats. The price is EUR 395, timeline: 4 business days. 
  The Customer can also upgrade this option by ordering the following extra Services: 
  - Brand Naming: Klad will create a name for the Customer’s brand, for which the logo is required. 
    The price for the Brand Naming service will be EUR 300, and the timeline is 4 business days. 
  - Core Branding: in addition to logo design, Klad can also create core branding, which will include creation of brand guidelines 
    with corporate materials design, brand colours, suggested fonts (and free alternative) and 
    the example of how the social media profile would look like(in addition to all the materials provided for Logo Design). 
    The cost will increase by EUR 600 and the timeline by 4 business days.
    
- Express motion design: Klad will design an up to one minute video for the Client 
  based on the filled out form on Klad’s website and extra materials sent by the Customer for the video (if necessary). 
  As a result, the Customer will receive and animation file in .mp4 format and .png sequence. 
  The price for this Service is EUR 995, timeline: 7 business days.
  
- Express 3D model: Klad will design a 3D object for the Customer based on the filled out form and extra materials (if necessary). 
  As a result, the Customer will receive a 3D model in .gltf, .glb and .obj formats. 
  The price for this Service is EUR 995, the timeline: 7 business days.
  
- Express Landing Page: Klad will design and create a markup for the Customer’s landing page (up to 7 sections) 
  based on the filled out form and, if necessary, extra materials. 
  As a result, the Customer will receive a figma link with the design and code archive (html, css, js files). 
  The price for this Service is EUR 1195, timeline: 8 business days. 
  The Customer can also upgrade the Express Landing Page Service to the Core Website Service meaning that 
  Klad will design an up to 3-5 pages website for the Customer and after the work is completed, 
  will send the Customer a figma link and code archive (html, css, js files). 
  If the Client upgrades Express Landing Page service to Core Website, 
  the price will increase by EUR 500 and the timeline will increase by 6 business days, 
  meaning that the final pricing will be EUR 1695 and the final timeline will be 14 business days.

All of the Services are included in the relevant sections at Klad’s website.

3. To apply for the provision of Services by Klad, the Customer chooses the express design option it needs in the appropriate section of Klad’s website,
fills in and submits a questionnaire provided for the relevant option. 
After receiving the filled-out questionnaire, Klad will contact the Customer via email to discuss the start of work date,
confirm the order and to send a prepayment details. 
After the order is confirmed and prepayment is received to Klad’s bank account, Klad starts Services’ performance.
The services will be performed in accordance with the Conditions and by making a full prepayment to Klad, 
the Customer confirmed that they read, understood and agreed to the Conditions.

4. Each of the Services type has its own deadline which starts to count only after Klad receives the full prepayment. 
The prepayment is 100% from the Service price.
Within the deadline Klad will provide Client with the results of the performed Services (Deliverables) to the Customer’s email stated in the request form.

5. The Services are provided in an as-is format and are deemed performed in full and accepted right after Klad sends the Deliverables to the Customer. 
No further commenting or edits are allowed. If the Services provided are not the ones that the Customer paid for, 
the Customer has the right to send a complaint to info@klad.design email and ask for either a refund or correct deliverables. 
Each complaint will be reviewed by Klad within 5 business days. Any other complaints regarding the Deliverables won’t be considered by Klad.

6. Klad will not be responsible for usability of the Deliverables if they will be modified by the Customer
or any other third party after the Customer receives those Deliverables from Klad.

7. The Customer has the right to ask to stop Services performance after the work has started. 
In such a case, Klad will stop creating Deliverables for the Customer. The prepayment won’t be refunded to the Customer. 

8. Klad has the right to stop Services performance after the start of work. In this case, Klad will refund the prepayment to the Customer.

9 Force Majeure.
Klad shall not be liable for any failure of or delay in the performance of the Services in case if such failure or delay is 
(i) beyond the reasonable control of Klad, 
(ii) materially affects the performance of any of its obligations, and could not reasonably have been foreseen or provided against; 
but will not be excused for failure or delay resulting from only general economic conditions or other general market effects. 
Upon the occurrence of any Force Majeure Event, Klad shall give notice to the Customer about the occurrence of such an event.

10. Upon completion of the Services, Klad hereby assigns to the Customer all right, title and interest, 
including without limitation copyright and other intellectual property rights, in and to the Deliverables, 
except for the conditions specified in paragraph 11 of the Conditions. 
If necessary, any type of legal registration of rights to the Deliverables, 
including but not limited to state registration, Trademark registration, 
the Customer shall carry out on its own and at its own expense.

11. Klad retains the right to reproduce, publish and display the Deliverables in Klad's portfolios and websites, 
and in galleries, design periodicals and other media or exhibits for the purposes of recognition of creative excellence or professional advancement,
and to be credited with authorship of the Deliverables in connection with such uses, in the way that Klad considers better in its sole discretion, 
describing but not limiting to reproduce and/or publish entirely and/or in a part of the design, 
publishing and/ or reproducing one or several of the stages of the work, the Final Work, any of the Deliverables, one or several elements of the design. 

12. Customer Content (all materials, information, photography, writings and other creative content provided by Customer
for use in the preparation of and/or incorporation in the Deliverables.) 
including all pre-existing Trademarks, shall remain the sole property of Customer or its respective suppliers, 
and Client or its suppliers shall be the sole owner of all rights in connection therewith. 
Customer hereby grants to Klad a nonexclusive, nontransferable licence to use, reproduce, modify, display and publish the Client Content solely
in connection with Klad's performance of the Services and limited promotional uses of the Deliverables 
as authorized in the paragraph 11 of this Conditions document.

13. Confidential information.
“Confidential Information” shall mean any proprietary information of either party including without limitation, 
information relating to any party’s technology, know-how, products, specifications, patents, patent applications, trademarks, trade names and concepts; 
as well as information of business and commercial nature, of either Party, including without limitation customer and supplier lists, 
bills, financial and marketing information and price lists; in any tangible form being clearly designated, labelled or marked as confidential. 
Each Party (the “Receiving Party”) shall preserve as strictly confidential and proprietary all Confidential Information a
nd material of the other (the “Disclosing Party”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
The Receiving Party shall hold the Confidential Information in confidence, with the same degree of care that it applies to its own confidential information
of like importance, and never less than reasonable care except that the Receiving Party may disseminate such Confidential Information to its employees, 
directors and professional advisors as well as to its affiliates and their respective employees, directors and professional advisors 
in each case to the extent reasonably required to provide or receive the Digital production services 
and the Receiving Party shall not be relieved of any obligations set out in this Agreement by such dissemination. 
The Receiving Party may be required by a court or governmental authority to reveal the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party. 
In the aforementioned case, the party obligated to disclose the Confidential Information by a court or a governmental authority, 
shall notify immediately to the counterparty such obligations, and shall cooperate to only disclose 
the minimum necessary information to the court or the governmental authority.

14. The conditions can be changed by Klad unilaterally with notice to the Customer by posting the amended Conditions to Klad’s website. 
In the event of a change to the conditions regarding the relations between Customer and Klad, 
the Conditions that were in force at the time of payment for the Services account. 

15. This Conditions and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation 
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Georgia
and any disputes arising thereof fall under the sole jurisdiction of Georgia courts in Batumi and Tbilisi 
without regard to its conflict of law provisions or the conflict of law provisions of any other jurisdiction. 
In the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement, the Parties agree to first attempt to resolve any dispute by negotiation between the Parties. 
In case of bringing the dispute to court, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover from the other Party all reasonable costs incurred 
with respect to the dispute, including but not limited to litigation costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees.

16. If any provision of this Conditions is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of the Conditions which shall remain in full force and effect.
